html/developer-guide/conversion/html-conversion-asynchronously/html-conversion-params/_index.md, before:

---
title: "HTML Conversion Parameters"
type: docs
url: /html-conversion-asynchronously/html-conversion-params/
keywords: "html conversion, asynchronous conversion, convert html to pdf, convert html to jpeg, conversion parameters"
description: " Article explains how to use parameters of HTML conversion using Aspose.HTML Cloud API. "
weight: 10
---

## Conversion API parameters

### Summary

This article contains more detailed description of the conversion API provided by Aspose.HTML Cloud API v4.0.  It explains following features:

- parameters of the conversion APIs 
- path format conventions of source and destination paths

### Common path format conventions

The source and result document paths must match the following conventions:

| Protocol    | Template                                                     | Description                                                  |
| :---------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| http, https | {*protocol*}://*hostname*/[*path*]/[*pagename*.html]         | Only source documents. These paths are valid Web URLs that can represent both static HTML pages or dynamic HTML content pages generated by CGI, ASP, JSP, PHP and so on. |
| storage     | storage://*storageName*/[*Folder1*]/[*Folder2*]/...*/FileName.ext* - storage file  <br />storage://*storageName*/[*Folder1*]/[*Folder2*]/.../[*FolderN*] - storage folder | Source and result documents. This type of paths represents files or folders in the Aspose cloud storage associated with the application user. The path specifies the *storageName* (can be empty for user application's default storage) and file/folder full path in the storage. The document lifetime is controlled by the storage associated user. |
| app         | app:///[*Folder1*]/[*Folder2*]/...*/FileName.ext*            | Source and result documents. In a common case, these are results of an operation where *outputPath* wasn't explicitly specified. This type of paths represents files in the internal temporary storage; they are available for download during a limited time period. Generally are used internally by client SDKs, but also can be used by other applications that use Aspose.HTML Cloud API v4.0 directly |
| (omitted)   | /[*Folder1*]/[*Folder2*]/...*/FileName.ext*                  | By default, Conversion API treats these paths as path in the default cloud storage. Storage API uses only such paths, additional *storage* parameter may be specified or not. |

 

### Conversion API details

- **POST:** start a long-time conversion operation. If succeeded, returns a response with operation ID.

```
/convert?inputPath={inputPath}&outputFormat={outputFormat}&outputPath={outputPath}
```

**Parameters:**

| Name         | Description                                                  | Passed in | Required |
| :----------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- | :-------- | :------- |
| inputPath    | Location of source document to be converted.                 | Query     | +        |
| outputFormat | Format the source document will be converted to. Supported values: PDF, XPS, MHTML, MD, JPG, PNG, BMP, GIF, TIFF | Query     | +        |
| outputPath   | Location where the conversion result will be saved. By default, the result document will be saved to internal temporary storage (see app:// paths above) | Query     | -        |
| width        | Result document page or image width in in points (1/96 inch) | Body      | -        |
| height       | Result document page or image height in in points (1/96 inch) | Body      | -        |
| leftmargin   | Result document page or image left margin in points (1/96 inch) | Body      | -        |
| rightmargin  | Result document page or image right margin in points (1/96 inch) | Body      | -        |
| topmargin    | Result document page or image top margin in points (1/96 inch) | Body      | -        |
| bottommargin | Result document page or image bottom margin in points (1/96 inch) | Body      | -        |
| resolution   | Resolution of resulting image. Default is 96 dpi. Applicable only to image formats. | Body      | -        |
| jpegquality  | JPEG image quality, valid values from 0 to 100. Default is 96. Applicable only to JPEG image format. | Body      | -        |
| usegit       | Use GIT flavor of Markdown (false by default). Applicable only to MD format. | Body      | -        |



- **GET:** check the previously started operation state by its ID. Returns the state object; if state code is "completed", the response object will contain a list of converted file paths. The conversion results are stored in the cloud storage and will be available for download using cloud paths from the response.

```
/convert/{id}
```

**Parameters:**

| Name | Description                               | Passed in | Required |
| :--- | :---------------------------------------- | :-------- | :------- |
| id   | ID of conversion task previously started. | Path      | +        |



- **DELETE:** cancel the previously started operation by its ID

```
/convert/{id}
```

**Parameters:**

| Name | Description                               | Passed in | Required |
| :--- | :---------------------------------------- | :-------- | :------- |
| id   | ID of conversion task previously started. | Path      | +        |

Commit message:

storage API docs + updated conversion API docs

html/developer-guide/conversion/html-conversion-asynchronously/html-conversion-params/_index.md, after:

---
title: "HTML Conversion Parameters"
type: docs
url: /html-conversion-asynchronously/html-conversion-params/
keywords: "html conversion, asynchronous conversion, convert html to pdf, convert html to jpeg, conversion parameters"
description: " Article explains how to use parameters of HTML conversion using Aspose.HTML Cloud API. "
weight: 10
---

## Conversion API parameters

[TOC]

### Summary

This article contains more detailed description of the conversion API provided by Aspose.HTML Cloud API v4.0.  It explains following features:

- parameters of the conversion APIs 
- path format conventions of source and destination paths

### Common path format conventions

The source and result document paths must match the following conventions:

| Protocol    | Template                                                     | Description                                                  |
| :---------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| http, https | {*protocol*}://*hostname*/[*path*]/[*pagename*.html]         | Only source documents. These paths are valid Web URLs that can represent both static HTML pages or dynamic HTML content pages generated by CGI, ASP, JSP, PHP and so on. |
| storage     | storage://*storageName*/[*Folder1*]/[*Folder2*]/...*/FileName.ext* - storage file  <br />storage://*storageName*/[*Folder1*]/[*Folder2*]/.../[*FolderN*] - storage folder | Source and result documents. This type of paths represents files or folders in the Aspose cloud storage associated with the application user. The path specifies the *storageName* (can be empty for user application's default storage) and file/folder full path in the storage. The document lifetime is controlled by the storage associated user. |
| app         | app:///[*Folder1*]/[*Folder2*]/...*/FileName.ext*            | Source and result documents. In a common case, these are results of an operation where *outputPath* wasn't explicitly specified. This type of paths represents files in the internal temporary storage; they are available for download during a limited time period. Generally are used internally by client SDKs, but also can be used by other applications that use Aspose.HTML Cloud API v4.0 directly |
| (omitted)   | /[*Folder1*]/[*Folder2*]/...*/FileName.ext*                  | By default, Conversion API treats these paths as path in the default cloud storage. Storage API uses only such paths, additional *storage* parameter may be specified or not. |

 

### Conversion API details

All URIs are relative to https://api.aspose.cloud/v4.0/html

#### Initialize asynchronous conversion operation

- **POST:** start a long-time conversion operation. If succeeded, returns a response with operation ID.

```
/convert?inputPath={inputPath}&outputFormat={outputFormat}&outputPath={outputPath}
```

**Parameters:**

| Name         | Description                                                  | Passed in | Required |
| :----------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- | :-------- | :------- |
| inputPath    | Location of source document to be converted.                 | Query     | +        |
| outputFormat | Format the source document will be converted to. Supported values: PDF, XPS, MHTML, MD, JPG, PNG, BMP, GIF, TIFF | Query     | +        |
| outputPath   | Location where the conversion result will be saved. By default, the result document will be saved to internal temporary storage (see app:// paths above) | Query     | -        |
| width        | Result document page or image width in in points (1/96 inch) | Body      | -        |
| height       | Result document page or image height in in points (1/96 inch) | Body      | -        |
| leftmargin   | Result document page or image left margin in points (1/96 inch) | Body      | -        |
| rightmargin  | Result document page or image right margin in points (1/96 inch) | Body      | -        |
| topmargin    | Result document page or image top margin in points (1/96 inch) | Body      | -        |
| bottommargin | Result document page or image bottom margin in points (1/96 inch) | Body      | -        |
| resolution   | Resolution of resulting image. Default is 96 dpi. Applicable only to image formats. | Body      | -        |
| jpegquality  | JPEG image quality, valid values from 0 to 100. Default is 96. Applicable only to JPEG image format. | Body      | -        |
| usegit       | Use GIT flavor of Markdown (false by default). Applicable only to MD format. | Body      | -        |



#### Check current status of conversion operation

- **GET:** check the previously started operation state by its ID. Returns the state object; if state code is "completed", the response object will contain a list of converted file paths. The conversion results are stored in the cloud storage and will be available for download using cloud paths from the response.

```
/convert/{id}
```

**Parameters:**

| Name | Description                               | Passed in | Required |
| :--- | :---------------------------------------- | :-------- | :------- |
| id   | ID of conversion task previously started. | Path      | +        |



#### Cancel a running conversion

- **DELETE:** cancel the previously started operation by its ID

```
/convert/{id}
```

**Parameters:**

| Name | Description                               | Passed in | Required |
| :--- | :---------------------------------------- | :-------- | :------- |
| id   | ID of conversion task previously started. | Path      | +        |
